Nike Structure 25
Women's Road Running Shoes (Wide)
Rp 2,099,000

With stability where you need it and cushion where you want it, the Structure 25 supports you for long miles, 
short training runs and even a down-and-back before the day ends. It's the stability you seek, loyal from the first tie-up,
tried and tested, with a midfoot system that's fully supportive and with more comfortable cushioning than before.

Accommodating fit

The accommodating forefoot allows you plenty of space to spread out your toes. The wider forefoot complements a wider 
base and smooth ride. Added structure and containment around the heel provides a more supportive fit.

More benefits

We softened the materials on the inside of the heel, collar and tongue, so that any part of the shoe that's touching your
ankle feels smooth and comfortable.Single-layer mesh provides breathability and durability.
The durable rubber sole has grooves in the forefoot to create flexibility, and vertical grooves down the side help create
stability.

Product details

Cinched-down laces
Moulded heel
Not intended for use as personal protective equipment (PPE)
Colour Shown: Black/Dark Smoke Grey/White
Style: FN7996-001
Country/Region of Origin: Vietnam


Nike Alphafly 2
Men's Road Racing Shoes
Rp 4,089,000


Once you take a few strides in the Nike Air Zoom Alphafly NEXT% 2, you'll never look at your favourite pair of old racing
shoes the same way again. These rocket ships are made to help shave precious time off your personal records without
surrendering the foundation you need to go the full distance. A thick, lightweight support system marries the 2 worlds 
of comfort and speed in holy running matrimony. Enjoy the greatest energy return of all our racing shoes while you chase 
your personal bests.

Colour Shown: White/Clear Jade/Light Ultramarine/Deep Jungle
Style: DN3555-100


Nike Juniper Trail 2 Next Nature
Women's Trail-Running Shoes
Rp 1,149,000

Break away from the norm and dash up that tempting trail in the Nike Juniper Trail 2. Durable material on the top and
tough traction on the bottom give you a consistent, confident ride for those off-road runs calling your name. It's built
for earthy terrain and unbeaten paths, with reliable traction that'll help keep you on course.

Colour Shown: Platinum Violet/Fireberry/Fierce Pink/Purple Ink
Style: DM0821-005

